oh this is kevin august 8th 2009 yeah my
still there
apparently tearoom was attacked by three
pits two blacks and a brown one they're
currently right they're only at the
upper edge of the garage you can't see
them but the two black ones and a brown
one
that's all this 8th 2009 and you should
see the police are there but they're
just sitting there waiting for animal
controls and then they're taking forever
to get here but you can see the one of
the brown ones right now it's one of the
dogs that attacked Hiro recording line
here she comes again this has been the
main dog that's been running around
while the other two have been staying
and the other two black wanted to stand
on that left side of the garage for the
longest coming out rarely on a certain
occasions but as I said before someone
put three pit bulls and her young he got
under the gate yeah they got out of the
gate started a fight with tiro tiro
fought off three fought good fell hard
he's gettin he got beaten up badly it's
a big dog you can take care of himself
as you can see this one the brown one
that keeps coming out and praying is a
mother female still single this is
recorded hey why she go unknown ever
just trying to look forward out like the
apples uh
yeah yeah apparently there were four
pitbulls on a white one but before the
fourth one was killed by the neighbor
over across the street yeah
while the three remain here in our
backyard we're still waiting on animal
control pet control whichever we want to
call them they hadn't shown up yet since
they were first called taking forever or
whatever but yeah
August eighth Tuesday I have two labors
day which should have been a normal
quiet relaxing day for everyone turning
to this we can say but as you can see
the police are still there making sure
that the crazy animals gonna get out
even though this fight that they can't
get out but they got into pushing the
gate as these gays were specifically
designed to keep dogs from getting out
not in so getting in no doubt for them
was little to no effort on their part
apparently this happened sometime real
early this morning one of the dogs as I
said before was killed by the neighbor
across the alley while the three mother
three pits remain up here
times like this you got to be thankful
for having a digital camera especially
when they could record - I got the viola
the brown was going when I did that's
been up and about the black ones rarely
in the moon move out I took like maybe
three three to five pictures of the
brown one since she's the one that you
know it's constantly moving back and
forth trying to figure out how to get
out
she ain't think too much about that when
she got in trying to start something
I can act dumb all they want and would
be too much done but as I said it's
usually still we know an animal or
animal control they're taking their
precious time getting here whatever
although my next question is how they're
gonna get them out said Smith the police
don't want us to go out you know be
jeopardizing our alyssum well this is
anything but a normal Tuesday to begin
with since this happen
this is pretty crazy what didn't know
they still have it all thrilled when I
was at when I was when I was one of his
like where's the other black one the
other black went sure enough is over
there to that buy another black one he's
a bit bigger than than the other black
yeah big yeah yeah big bulkier than that
one he parties I think he's the biggest
of the two of the 3,000 some fool of
them the foreman was killed by the
neighbor across the alley by the
three-month was remain here in our yard
you see police is still standing and
watching you know just in case if they
do try to get out if they by some chance
they probably have to shoot them not
that I was blaming I assume - okay
I think another Charlie with the most
like I know that if the pits get up
probably more likely the police will
shoot him on sight
here she comes again this is the one
that's been frequenting the yard like a
scout trying to figure out a way out
not ain't think too much about it when
they were trying to get in and are they
really trying their best to try to go
out but they can't
these dogs are clearly belong to someone
because they each have collars on a
collar and I think all three of them
have a collar and tag or one of them has
a tag on them but yeah that dog and the
other two are sitting on land all the
way up in there where you just see her
going going up to let me better keep
their asses there cuz when and whenever
they that control gets here get these
dogs well again
we don't even know how they gonna get
them they better get them sundown
because I they ready people are ready to
kill these damn and I was ever they
belong to me and gonna be having it for
too long I'll be it alive or dead
well I'm signing off on right now see